What's the matter with you?
Don't you have eyes?
So unlucky
Bingwei, why are you here?
I am now the secretary of the Legislative Council
Why can't it be here?
Secretary of the General Assembly
Secretary's standard of not hiring
At least in graduate school
How can Mr. Li, a college student, like you?
Oh, I see.
You will never forget my old love
You came here on purpose to make up with me, right?
Education line
You are quite confident
I'm a graduate student.
I'm more confident. What's wrong?
Hey hey I still love you
I can explain the breakup
I'm with Wei Ziyue
Just for his family affairs and his money
The person I love is still you
Is this okay?
You are wronged for a few years first
You be my secret love first
I swear when I get his money
I will divorce him immediately and come back to marry you, okay?
Jiang Yuhao, if you don't look in the mirror when you go out
Uric acid milk powder
It is recommended to take good care of it.
Sister, wait for me.
Sooner or later
I want you to be my lover willingly
How did my sister feel on her first day on the job?
Are you still used to it?
What are you pretending to be?
They are used to getting along well with colleagues.
Well, to celebrate your first day at work
Grandma prepared a table of food
You must come over tonight
Thank you, Grandma.
Bei Xie, come back tonight
There are important guests at home